[ACM-6950][ACM-7345] Update advanced config install (#5472)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

[#installation]
== Installation

> * MultiClusterHub now accepts `cluster-permission`, `multicluster-observability`, and `submariner-addon` as toggleable components within the MultiClusterHub CR. Users can choose to enable or disable these components functionality by default when installing {product-title-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now enable or disable the following components by updating the `MultiClusterHub` custom resource, `cluster-permission`, `multicluster-observability`, and `submariner-addon`.
```

> * With the migration of multicluster-observability and submariner-addon outside of the {product-title-short} bundle, the `MultiClusterObservability`, `SubmarinerConfig`, and `SubmarinerDiagnoseConfig` tabs are now removed from the Installed Operators page for {product-title-short} on the {ocp-short} UI page.

Reviewer: Is it important for the user to be aware of the migration? I recommend that we only mention that the tabs are moved to the OCP console page. Will you verify that the tab names match what the user will see in the console? Are the tab names camelcase? Also removing the monospace syntax and italicizing; this change is aligned with the IBM Style guide: 
```suggestion
* With the migration of multicluster-observability and submariner-addon out of the {product-title-short} installation, the _MultiClusterObservability_, _SubmarinerConfig_, and _SubmarinerDiagnoseConfig_ tabs are now removed from the Installed Operators page for {product-title-short} and moved to the {ocp-short} console page.
```

Author: Mentioning the migration can be avoided; however, I would state the tabs were removed from the Installed Operators page.

Author: Also, the user will not see these tabs anymore, since they are removed from the console. If a user wanted to create or modify the operators CR, they would need to access the `Administration > CustomResourceDefinition` tab and find the CRD that they wish to update the CR for. Or they would need to update the resource using the CLI commands.
